and there everything is right here I heard
talk and welcome to the second and see
player on the channel today bringing the
studio that plays in the book and in English
our first saw here from the channel
lacazette and leave a poll for you
to vote the chosen was the steroid is
That's why he's here today.
if you have not seen or heard of lacazette
down here in the video description has
a playlist for you to access the video
also leaves a poll for you
to vote who I should bring to the
our next level
I have not defined yet if I will bring
reviews fortnightly or weekly
For now I will always bring
I might try to test many
players over five to fifteen is
of course, counting on the support of
you even if you have
players to test me let us
comments so I can put it in the
polls next we can get
At 500 light it will be the maximum so I
I'm counting on you
it's quick and painless it costs nothing
only you click the joinha positive button o
because it helps the channel a lot
grow and also to disseminate the video and
Not only that, it does not show all your affection.
The studio will also be on the channel.
tested in these almost that I rode the league
English you can go there all
other players and now it's possible
observe some studio data that it
has 83 games and plays in the group is English
has 89 beat of 82 finalization 69 of
pass and dribble 81 to 29 defense and 70
physique has two bad leg stars 4
stars plus dribbling feints was
bought by 57 thousand on playstation 4
is costing between 55 and 60 homes in
playstation and also between 40 and 45 cases
in xbox already moving to bids
Goller act I decided to changed the
style of doing saw me and no more
bring you those more technical levels
thus addressing which is the number of
end fitting face impulse thing
of the type but rather a more personal opinion
what I feel about using the
player beauty good a booth
I have to say he's floor
same people he plays too much
until today he had only played against him
had felt all the power of the karaí
always in shock when I saw him
on my opponent's team right there
It's the old game and you have the opportunity.
used and poor of opponents had
in the first game I did rabbit
I played three games emitting 7 goals in
match that is what you see
this thing and he catches the ball at the tip
it takes in speed in the control of
ball hits the goalkeeper's post and moves it
I wanted to speak quickly about the
points of the attackers who are
pace pass dribble and physical finishing
I will not logically address the defense
because he is an attacker then already
starting with the rhythm
the guy is just fantastic has 89
pace of the players faster than
already tried
I really like babu but I have to
tell you that I'm over and over
taking the space of greater respect there
by one of the biggest players there in fifa 15
that I have tested so far the guy has
a really good pace is really
fantastic you put it in front with him
It is difficult for the player to pick up
after you gave the initial sprint in the
Finishing the face is total killer of
left leg does not have right leg only
Use to get on the bus but left
Old man, it's good that there's something.
in him that he always tries to bring
ball to the left to hit and avoid
usually hit right at the palace and
I really liked his pass. He has a
decent pass for a player of the
attack has almost 70 of pass achieved
take a few steps to where sugary
get in the face of the goal
in no need to say anything dribble has a
ball control and it is excellent
welcomed with him you change direction
very easy you're going to one side
can go to the other very quickly
the guy does not know what to do
He has to be very clever in the
marking not to take the goals and already in
I did not find the strongest player
I already tested lukaku type bt that the student
Like I do not think it's too much.
good head
but he can handle the message he can
to win some players in the physical
is the strongest guy in the world but also
He is not weak, he can not turn around.
very well in the physical part
lastly only by addressing the issue of
ball stopped with him he has 83 of
fault power 68 of curves 75 of
feather
He's not the right guy for the ball.
stop but anyway you can see and
I hit the penalty with him emitted go
then just to finish as says to
You sure do, he will.
investment you can buy it and without
fear is one of the best
pa is one of the best if not the best
player I've tested so far here
in fifa 15
I really enjoyed using this player
even thinking about keeping him in the club though
he is a little affection for you
who is watching the video please
you can leave feedback on what
You think the style of vile is too much.
important here since it will set there
How will I bring the next ones?
you like a more technical thing
approaching point by point showing each
kind of a straight play where I say there
synchronized with them, let us
feedback or if you
They like something more messy like
I did here I was putting the
background I went well in my personal opinion
about what he thought about the player
You also leave it there so I know what
It's better for you, it's good for you.
start if you can let lilic
It will be very welcome, the story.
really with you we will reach the 500
likes and if you're new here first time
He also came there like what he saw
you can click the subscribe button
so as not to lose any of my
Beauty videos
then that's it and here is the review
overflow big monster - this plays too
boy can buy without fear together
engineer there that you are sure
will be very happy with this attacker and
I'm going to stay here a big hug
because I went
and he even knocked over the ferry which is a
player very very strong but
after that another player there makes the goal
but he's not a guy so it's a lot
strong and will win from some defenders
but not everyone